Parse the sdk name in BootstrapAndroidSdk (#478)
getsentry/sentry-android-gradle-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixes

> - Parse the sdk name in BootstrapAndroidSdk ([#478](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-android-gradle-plugin/pull/478))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not transform the sdk name to Int in BootstrapAndroidSdk ([#478](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-android-gradle-plugin/pull/478))
```
